CI checks md file (#13615)
ClickHouse/ClickHouse: docs/en/development/CI.md

> ## CI checks

Reviewer: * it's better to avoid using the abbreviation in first header and filename
* all headers here and below have one more `#` than they need
* all headers need to be in Title Case

> When you submit a pull request, some automated checks are ran for your code by

Reviewer: line breaks will be rendered in html as well, so paragraphs are usually represented as a single line in markdown

Author: It's just for my editor, may be removed.

Reviewer 2: > line breaks will be rendered in html as well, so paragraphs are usually represented as a single line in markdown

This is just not true, neither in [GitHub flavor](https://docs.github.com/en/github/writing-on-github/basic-writing-and-formatting-syntax#paragraphs), nor in [Commonmark](https://spec.commonmark.org/0.29/#paragraphs), nor in the [original spec](https://daringfireball.net/projects/markdown/syntax#p). Paragraphs can contain any number of lines and are delimited by a single empty line. If our docs rendered doesn't respect that, it's broken.

Reviewer 3: +1. Markdown processing in our documentation is just broken and should be fixed.

This happens after a repository maintainer (someone from ClickHouse team) has
screened your code and added the `can be tested` label to your pull request.
The results of the checks are listed on the GitHub pull request page as
described in the [GitHub checks
documentation](https://docs.github.com/en/github/collaborating-with-issues-and-pull-requests/about-status-checks).
If a check is failing, you might be required to fix it. This page gives an
overview of checks you may encounter, and what you can do to fix them.

If it looks like the check failure is not related to your changes, it may be
some transient failure or an infrastructure problem. Push an empty commit to
the pull request to restart the CI checks:
```
git reset
git commit --allow-empty
git push
```

If you are not sure what to do, ask a maintainer for help.

### Merge with master

Verifies that the PR can be merged to master. If not, it will fail with the
message 'Cannot fetch mergecommit'. To fix this check, resolve the conflict as
described in the [GitHub
documentation](https://docs.github.com/en/github/collaborating-with-issues-and-pull-requests/resolving-a-merge-conflict-on-github),

> or merge the `master` branch to your pull request branch using git.

Reviewer 4: better rebase

Reviewer 3: I don't care whether you merge or rebase. Both are Ok.
Rebase also have some downsides. If you rebase, check results for previous commits will be lost.

### Docs check

Tries to build the ClickHouse documentation website. It can fail if you changed
something in the documentation. Most probable reason is that some cross-link in

> the documentation is wrong. See the check report and look for `ERROR` messages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the documentation is wrong. Go to the check report and look for `ERROR` and `WARNING` messages.
```

#### Report details

- [Status page example](https://clickhouse-test-reports.s3.yandex.net/12550/eabcc293eb02214caa6826b7c15f101643f67a6b/docs_check.html)
- `docs_output.txt` contains the building log. [Successful result example](https://clickhouse-test-reports.s3.yandex.net/12550/eabcc293eb02214caa6826b7c15f101643f67a6b/docs_check/docs_output.txt)

### Description check

Check that the description of your pull request conforms to the template
[PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md](https://github.com/ClickHouse/ClickHouse/blob/master/.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md).
You have to specify a changelog category for your change (e.g., Bug Fix), and
write a user-readable message describing the change for [CHANGELOG.md](../whats-new/changelog/index.md)

### Push to dockerhub

> Builds docker images used for build and tests.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Builds docker images used for build and tests, then pushes them to DockerHub.
```

### Marker check

This check means that the CI system started to process the pull request. When it has 'pending' status, it means that not all checks have been started yet. After all checks have been started, it changes status to 'success'.

### Style check

> Performs some simple regex-based checks of code style, using the `utils/check-style/check-style` binary.

Reviewer 4: add link to it and note that it can be fired locally before pushing the branch https://github.com/ClickHouse/ClickHouse/blob/master/utils/check-style/check-style

### Special build check
Performs static analysis and code style checks using `clang-tidy`. The report is similar to the [build check](#build-check). Fix the errors found in the build log.

### Functional stateless tests
Runs [stateless functional tests](tests.md#functional-tests) for ClickHouse
binaries built in various configurations -- release, debug, with sanitizers,
etc. Look at the report to see which tests fail, then reproduce the failure
locally as described [here](tests.md#functional-test-locally). Note that you
have to use the correct build configuration to reproduce -- a test might fail
under AddressSanitizer but pass in Debug. Download the binary from [CI build
checks page](build.md#you-dont-have-to-build-clickhouse), or build it locally.

### Functional stateful tests
Runs [stateful functional tests](tests.md#functional-tests). Treat them in the same way as the functional stateless tests. The difference is that they require `hits` and `visits` tables from the [Yandex.Metrica dataset](../getting-started/example-datasets/metrica.md) to run.

### Integration tests
Runs [integration tests](tests.md#integration-tests).

### Testflows check

> Runs some tests using Testflows test system. See [here](https://github.com/ClickHouse/ClickHouse/tree/master/tests/testflows#running-tests-locally) how to run them locally.

Reviewer 5: Additional/special?

Reviewer 2: Not sure, these are normal tests, just use a different test system.
